Very good classmates and teachers are very good
I still made a lot of friends
Have you got a boyfriend yet?
Not yet.
You child
How is it the same as 4th Jun?
Are you looking for a partner?
I'm not worried about anything else
I'm afraid, just his temper?
No one is looking after him
Will he grow old alone?
Nuo girl, if you have someone you like
You have to be bold.
Don't let yourself regret
Even if everyone disagrees
Does it matter?
Like you said.
No child feels like their mother
Is a hassle
So there is no mother
I don't want my children to be happy
Emotions are a matter of two people after all
Accompanied for life
After all, it's still the one standing by your side
How is my aunt doing?
Grandma's body is much better
But Lulu, you won't leave when you come back this time, right?
I haven't decided yet.
Why is that?
Is it your boyfriend who wants to develop abroad?
Not because of him
Is it because I want to say